# Assignment #1: DECIDE

# Compilation and testing
In order to compile an executable for running the tests, the following command can be executed in the /src directory:
gcc test/decideTest.c test/LICsTest.c test/test.c decide.c LICs.c helper.c -o test_decide

Then, to run the tests, simply execute the test_decide.exe executable in your terminal.

# Essence standard assessment
According to the Essence standard there are six states which describe the progress of adapting a way-of-working within a team, in order: Principles Established, Foundation Established, In Use, In Place, Working well, and Retired. We have fullfilled the state "Principles Established" by committing to and understanding the principles and constraints as required by the stakeholders, i.e. by understanding the assignment and the stated required properties. The tools needed are agreed upon as well. We have fullfilled the "Foundation Established" state by selecting key practices and tools of the way-of-working, which allow for the work to start. For instance, we have agreed to split the work needed into issues which represent atomic bug fixes or features, and agreed to assign these evenly between the group members. We have also agreed upon how to document the code, how to write issues, etc. We have a usable way-of-working. We have also fullfilled the "In Use" state, by applying the practices and tools agreed upon to do real work, and making progress with the work. The practices in place support collaboration, communication and feedback, for instance we have created a channel for communication with some rules, and require reviews of pull requests from each other before pushing. Every team member has been assigned a number of features to implement, which can be worked on at the same time. Finally, we are currently in the "In Place" state, since each team member is using the practices and tools which have been adapted, and is involved in the inspection, adaptation and improvement of the way-of-working. We actively discuss our method choices, and reflect on what works and what could be changed. We have not yet reached the "Working well" state, since our team does not naturally apply these principles without thinking about them. There are still some inconsistencies between team members, for instance regarding how the code is documented and the commits are worded. To reach the next state, we need more time to familiarise ourselves with the chosen practices, by performing more work and reflecting more on the way of working.
